Add warnings to LSP7 & LSP8 compatible contracts (#825)
lukso-network/docs: docs/contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/presets/LSP8CompatibleERC721Mintable.md

# LSP8CompatibleERC721Mintable

:::danger beware

> This contract is being deprecated and will be deleted from [`@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts) repository. Howether if you want to stil use/maintain it, you will sill be able to find it in the version [`0.14.0`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/releases/tag/lsp-smart-contracts-v0.14.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract is being deprecated and will be deleted from [`@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts) repository. However, if you want to still use/maintain it, you will sill be able to find it in the version [`0.14.0`](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/releases/tag/lsp-smart-contracts-v0.14.0).
```
